feat [api]: Implement the varlous DISABLE_IDP_* feature flags (#85)
certeu/morio: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- [api] Implemented the various `DISABLE_IDP_[type]` feature flags
- [ui] Added feature flag settings to the UI

### Removed

> - We no longer provide AMI images, and removed the docs, config and tooling for them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have discontinued support for AMI images and have removed the related documentation, configurations, and tools.
```
